app/views/kaminari/_paginator.html.haml:7 - move code into model (page use_count > 2)
app/controllers/api/v1/people_controller.rb:37 - move model logic into model (@person use_count > 4)
app/controllers/api/v1/people_controller.rb:37 - move model logic into model (@connect_user use_count > 4)
app/controllers/device_deployments_controller.rb:15 - move model logic into model (@device_deployment use_count > 4)
config/routes.rb:14 - needless deep nesting (nested_count > 2)
config/routes.rb:20 - needless deep nesting (nested_count > 2)
app/views/blog_posts/show.html.haml:5 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/blog_posts/index.html.haml:19 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:15 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:22 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/device_deployment/_end.html.haml:6 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/device_deployment/_create.html.haml:7 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/device/_write_off.html.haml:4 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/device/_lost_or_stolen.html.haml:4 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/device/_create.html.haml:4 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/device/_exchange.html.haml:4 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/person/_assign_as_employee.html.haml:8 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/person/_set_position.html.haml:8 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/person/_assign_as_manager.html.haml:9 - not use time_ago_in_words
app/views/log_entries/person/_create.html.haml:4 - not use time_ago_in_words
config/routes.rb:39 - overuse route customizations (customize_count > 3)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:13 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_sales)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:19 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#hours)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:23 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_hours)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:29 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#tickets)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:35 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_tickets)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:43 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#social)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:47 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#alerts)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:51 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_alerts)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:57 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#image_gallery)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:61 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#inventory)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:65 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_inventory)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:71 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#staffing)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:75 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#gaming)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:83 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#training)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:87 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#gift_cards)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:91 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_gift_cards)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:97 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#pnl)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:101 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_pnl)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:107 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#hps)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:111 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_hps)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:121 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#person_assets)
app/controllers/widgets_controller.rb:127 - remove unused methods (WidgetsController#groupme_slider)
app/controllers/home_controller.rb:7 - remove unused methods (HomeController#dashboard)
app/controllers/device_deployments_controller.rb:2 - remove unused methods (DeviceDeploymentsController#select_user)
app/helpers/widgets_helper.rb:95 - remove unused methods (WidgetsHelper#this_week_sales_chart)
app/helpers/widgets_helper.rb:170 - remove unused methods (WidgetsHelper#hps)
app/helpers/application_helper.rb:115 - remove unused methods (ApplicationHelper#med_date)
app/helpers/application_helper.rb:119 - remove unused methods (ApplicationHelper#long_date)
app/helpers/application_helper.rb:192 - remove unused methods (ApplicationHelper#device_service_provider_image)
app/models/device.rb:229 - remove unused methods (Device#exchange_from_connect_asset_movement)
app/models/connect_model.rb:13 - remove unused methods (ConnectModel#inactive)
app/models/log_entry.rb:25 - remove unused methods (LogEntry#person_separated_from_connect)
app/models/connect_order.rb:64 - remove unused methods (ConnectOrder#refunds)
app/models/area.rb:36 - remove unused methods (Area#member_of)
app/models/poll_question.rb:30 - remove unused methods (PollQuestion#start_time_text)
app/models/poll_question.rb:38 - remove unused methods (PollQuestion#end_time_text)
app/models/real_connect_model.rb:12 - remove unused methods (RealConnectModel#inactive)
app/controllers/device_deployments_controller.rb:15 - replace complex creation with factory method (@device_deployment attribute_assignment_count > 2)
app/views/home/_joyride.html.haml:65 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/home/_joyride.html.haml:66 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_wall_post_edit_comment.html.haml:6 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_wall_post_edit_comment.html.haml:10 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_form.html.haml:3 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_form.html.haml:6 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_form.html.haml:10 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_wall_post_comment.html.haml:10 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/wall_post_comments/_wall_post_comment.html.haml:14 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/projects/_areas_sales_top_10.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/projects/_areas_sales_top_10.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/projects/_areas_sales_top_10.html.haml:3 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/projects/_people_sales_top_10.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/projects/_people_sales_top_10.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/projects/_people_sales_top_10.html.haml:3 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profiles/_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profiles/_form.html.haml:4 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_top_navigation.html.haml:23 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_top_navigation.html.haml:37 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_top_navigation.html.haml:48 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_top_navigation.html.haml:48 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_top_navigation.html.haml:51 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:15 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:19 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:19 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:21 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:26 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:26 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:28 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:32 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:32 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:34 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:38 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_share_form.html.haml:38 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_social_swiper.html.haml:3 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_log_entries.html.haml:3 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_ajax_errors.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_ajax_errors.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_ajax_errors.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_off_canvas_navigation.html.haml:24 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_off_canvas_navigation.html.haml:38 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/shared/_off_canvas_navigation.html.haml:40 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:39 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:39 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:39 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:39 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:43 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:43 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/layouts/_widget.html.haml:50 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/themes/_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_listing.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_listing.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_listing.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_listing.html.haml:6 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_form.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_educations/_form.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/poll_questions/_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/poll_questions/_form.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/poll_questions/_form.html.haml:3 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_listing.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_listing.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_listing.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_listing.html.haml:6 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_form.html.haml:1 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_form.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
app/views/profile_experiences/_form.html.haml:2 - replace instance variable with local variable
config/routes.rb:77 - restrict auto-generated routes poll_questions/poll_question_choices (only: [:create, :update, :destroy])
app/views/wall_post_comments/update.html.haml:1 - simplify render in views
app/views/wall_post_comments/create.html.haml:1 - simplify render in views
app/views/group_mes/group_chat_aside.html.haml:8 - simplify render in views
app/views/group_mes/groups_aside.html.haml:5 - simplify render in views
app/controllers/poll_question_choices_controller.rb:4 - use model association (for @poll_question_choice)
app/views/people/about.html.haml:78 - use query attribute (@person.mobile_phone?)
app/views/people/about.html.haml:82 - use query attribute (@person.office_phone?)
app/views/people/about.html.haml:86 - use query attribute (@person.home_phone?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_write_off.html.haml:8 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_create_bare.html.haml:3 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_lost_or_stolen.html.haml:8 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_exchange_bare.html.haml:4 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_write_off_bare.html.haml:3 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_lost_or_stolen_bare.html.haml:4 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_create.html.haml:8 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_repair_bare.html.haml:4 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/device/_exchange.html.haml:8 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/person/_create.html.haml:8 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
app/views/log_entries/wireless_line/_suspend_bare.html.haml:3 - use query attribute (log_entry.comment?)
db/migrate/20141023145152_insert_poll_question_permissions.rb:55 - use say with time in migrations
db/migrate/20141023145152_insert_poll_question_permissions.rb:56 - use say with time in migrations
db/migrate/20141023145152_insert_poll_question_permissions.rb:57 - use say with time in migrations
app/models/position.rb:178 - remove trailing whitespace
db/seeds/position.rb:63 - remove trailing whitespace
config/initializers/websocket_rails.rb:40 - remove trailing whitespace
app/views/reports/new.html.haml:17 - remove trailing whitespace